3.3 public_php_api_browsing.md: Fix line numbers (#2779)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/api/public_php_api_browsing.md

}
```

> Line 14 shows how [`ContentService::loadContent`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/ContentService.php#L147) loads the Content item provided to the command.
> Line 21 makes use of the [`ContentTypeService`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/ContentTypeService.php) to retrieve the Content Type of the requested item.

Author: ```suggestion
Line 11 shows how [`ContentService::loadContent`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/ContentService.php#L147) loads the Content item provided to the command.
Line 12 makes use of the [`ContentTypeService`](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/ContentTypeService.php) to retrieve the Content Type of the requested item.
```

> Lines 19-24 iterate over Fields defined by the Content Type.

Author: ```suggestion
Lines 14-21 iterate over Fields defined by the Content Type.
```
